0:17
Good morning, this is Zach, branch manager from NAB in Forest Hill Branch. Am I speaking with Nicole?

0:23
Yes you are. Fantastic. I'm just calling in regards to the NAB survey you recently completed. I just wanna say thank you first and foremost.

0:32
No, no problems at all, Zac.

0:35
Yeah. So you left some feedback? Yes, I did. I just felt like I had to wait too long to be served. It was really frustrating.

0:42
Oh, no. Well, thank you for taking the time to share that feedback. I'm really sorry to hear of your experience, um, especially long waits. Oh my God. That's not the experience we want from our customers. We really appreciate you letting us know, and I'll make sure that I share this with the team. Thanks again for your time, and I hope we will see you again soon. OK, uh, well, thanks for calling Zack. Have a good day. Thank you.

1:09
Alright, Zac, look, great job making the customer feel heard and acknowledged. I appreciate that. That's really important. You are very polite and empathetic towards our customer. But next time, I encourage you to ask a few open-ended questions so we can really help this customer and better understand the root causes. For example, what the customer's trying to do in a branch or what their experiences were. This helps us to be more actionable and have better insights so we can,

1:39
Often uncover simple changes that make a big difference. Let's try that in the next hall, Zac. OK, no problem. Thank you for that feedback.

1:53
Good morning, this is Zach, the branch manager from the NAB and Forest Hill ranch. Am I speaking with Nicole? Yes, you are. Fantastic. I'm just calling in regards to the NAB survey you completed recently. I was hoping to have a brief discussion to learn about a little bit more about your experience, so we can improve our experiences better.

2:11
Would you be willing to have a quick chat? Yeah, of course. Fantastic. So I just wanted to firstly to thank you for completing that recent feedback survey and to follow up on your comments. I saw you mention that you had to wait quite a while in the branch, and I wanted to apologize for the experience. Yeah. Thanks so much for calling Zack. Um, yeah, you are right. It felt like I was waiting too long, especially since I'd already tried to use the ATM.

2:37
Well, that sounds really frustrating. Would you mind walking me through what actually happened when you arrived? Yeah, of course. I was just trying to deposit some cash into my account using the ATM. I use it all the time, but halfway through this time, the screen froze and I got stuck after it inserted the money. Oh no, I'm really sorry that that happened to Nicole. That's definitely not the kind of experience we want our ATMs delivering. What did you do after it froze?

3:05
Um, I waited for a bit and then it finally just kind of shot out a receipt, um, saying it was canceled, but I wasn't too sure if the deposit went through, so I figured I'd better come inside just to speak to someone to be on the safe side. Yeah, yeah, well, that makes total sense, and I would have done the same thing if I were you. Do you remember how long you had to wait in the queue? Yeah, look, it was probably about 15 minutes. There were a number of people ahead of me, and, uh, from what I could see only one teller on.

3:32
Oh, OK. So, well, thanks for sharing that. To ensure I have captured your feedback correctly, you try to deposit money at the ATM. The transaction canceled partway through, and you wanted to check if the deposit went through. This meant you needed to line up and wait to see a customer advisor, which took you about 15 minutes. Does that sound right? Yeah, yeah, yeah, that is correct. I know how frustrating that must have been, especially after all right, really trying to sort it out yourself at the ATM.

4:00
Were you on a tight time frame when this happened? Yeah, yeah, I was, Zach. I was on my lunch break, so it completely chewed up my time. Oh, of course, I get that totally. We always aim to have our ATMs working properly.

4:12
I'm going to flag this fault you've experienced for a checkup with our ATM technicians. We'll also make sure that the team is aware that they respond quickly if that happens again.

4:24
Yeah, perfect. OK, great, that's really good to know, thank you so much for that. Um, yeah, look, I just didn't want my money to go missing. Absolutely, I wouldn't want that either for myself as well, so I totally understandable. I'm glad you came in, it sounds like the team were able to confirm the deposit in the end.

4:39
Yeah, yes, they actually did. Um, they were able to sort it out. Um, you know, just disappointing that it took so long, but I'm happy with the resolution. Oh, fantastic. Well, thank you again for your patience. We really appreciated your feedback because it helps us improve both our technology side of it and how we support our customers in branch when things don't go as planned. Yeah. Thanks, Zack. I actually really appreciate the follow up. You're very, very welcome. Take care and we'll talk soon. Thank you.

5:09
Zach, that was a real strong improvement. Well done, super proud. You still showed empathy, but this time you used open-ended questions to draw out more context. Asking what the customer came in for and what they were expecting helped you understand the why behind their frustration. You asked great open-ended questions like, would you mind walking me through what happened and what did you do after it froze?

5:34
These allowed your customer to tell their story in their own words, which uncovered the real root cause of their frustration.

5:42
This helps build confidence that action is being taken.

5:46
This kind of probing gives you and NAB something more specific to work with. You're rebuilding the trust with our customer and driving better outcomes. Keep practicing those fact-finding questions, Zac, they really help us turn feedback into meaningful action and appreciate the importance of what you're doing today. Thank you and well done. Thank you, Marcus.